Q11.5
Why risk losing money when you're guaranteed to make money.
i would prefer to get a lower return than gamble and possibly have less 
Guaranteed a decent return regardless of what happens to the inflation rate
I prefer certainty 
Because I don't want to risk losing money 
I think inflation will be high and this is the best type of bond to invest in, in this scenario.
I believe the current government will drive the economy down
When it comes to investing money in larger sums, I prefer to take as little risk as possible so even though the potential returns are less, I am guaranteed not to lose money.
I assumed that given trend from Q2 to Q3 there is risk of inflation going up, therefore in normal bond risk of losing 1000
I do not believe the rate of inflation will fall so I believe inflation protected bond is best
i would be wary of loses and i would rather have a guaranteed amount
Two reasons. I believe inflation will be higher than expect and I prefer the security of an inflation protected bond even if the return is less potentially than a nominal bond.
I feel there is a greater potential for inflation to exceed forecasts
This one guarantees that I will get a positive return, while the other option has a risk of loss
I just think it's more secure than option A
I don't think the inflation rate will be as low as predicted (2.6%), I think it will rise so I chose to protect for a more conservative approach.
The inflation protected bond appears to be the safer options that guarantees returns regardless of the scenario in play
It would seem there is a slightly higher chance of inflation being higher than 3%
Likelihood of higher inflation, based on the graph, suggests the protected bond will be better in the long term
I chose the inflation-protected bond because the forecast suggests a higher chance that inflation will be above 3%. Since I won’t be able to trade the bond over the next year, I’d rather protect against the risk of losing value due to higher than expected inflation.
I think with all the global economic uncertainty coupled with the policies of the current government inflation will be higher than is currently forecast. The tariffs imposed by the adminstration in the USA makes economic forecasting extremely difficult because there will be global consequencies from that. The Bank of England errs on the side of believing their own efforts will keep inflation low but they don't seem to be factoring in the outside events that may cause difficulties. I thik inflation will rise more than they expect. Therefore I chose an inflation bond because I feel that will protect my investment better in these uncertain times.
I chose B because I can guarantee a good return, and this does not affect inflation if it is high.  There is no confidence at present with the economy.  If I chose the other option, there is a chance I could lose a lot of money
Currenty too many uncertainties and challenging conditions and disruptive geo politics to predict with any degree of upside certainty, so i went for theone to protect losses if inflation increases
I think there is an equal chance of inflation going above the 3 percent figure, around 50 percent so I would rather put my money where I have a guaranteed return than gamble on a 50 percent chance of gaining an extra 2 thousand or losing the equivalent of 2 thousand compared to the inflation protected bond.
I chose inflation-protected bond because it goes in line wigth inflation. Something I think is important as the economy can fluctuate at times. Would also stop the risk of me losing 1000 if I used a nominal bond. 
Depends how much you want to risk the end amount
The current geopolitical environment and tariff decisions that have been imposed by USA make it more likely for a high inflation environment . Forecasted figures by reputable organisations point towards a high inflation environment
I would invest in the protected bond because I do not like taking risks. With the inflation protected bond this protects me from inflation rising and eroding my returns
More reliable return, low risk
I am not too sure on investing so would choose the safer option
I am risk averse
I felt that the inflation-protected bond offered the safest investment choice. While the chart shows the upside/downside potential as being similar, the world economy is very volatile at the moment and the United Kingdom, in particular, seems to suffer from 'sticky' inflation.
The inflation-protected bond would meanfff that the returns will be in line with the rate of inflation. It feels safer and like less of a detriment if the inflation rate is high. Regardless of the rate of return, it would be better to not gain than to lose in the short term. 
During a time of economic uncertainty that is causing me to be concerned about the risk of inflation, I would rather take a guaranteed return over gambling on whether a nominal bond will pay off
Looking at the graph, inflation looks likely to increase and go above 3 % , although it is predicted to trend lower towards q2 2026 it is forecast to be higher before that. Adding in economic uncertainty I would be worried that a nominal bond would fail to yield to its potential and choose the safer option in this case.
The forecast provide is about 40% probable that inflation is less than 3%. Not a good risk for me.
I decided primarily on the risk apatite, with there being a large range of possible inflation there is a high chance that I would lose out choosing a nominal bond. Therefore I took the inflation protected bond to protect from any possible change in inflation.
Honestly I don’t have any knowledge in this area so can only go on my minimal understanding of the tex given so thought the inflation protected bond was better as it’s stable even if bit lower.
It's uncertain if the inflation would rise or below 3%, so I chose the safer inflation protected bond.
I think it's best to protect from inflation 
This protects me against inflation and provides more stability for my investment.
I am more likely to achieve £1000 +return on the inflation protected bond whereas I could lose £1000 with the normal even though the gains may be greater with A if inflation is high.
I choose the bond as it has less risk for me due to it being inflation protected
I am very risk averse and would also choose to go with the risk free option. I like to know how much I will earn in interest.
I dont invest in bonds would prefer stocks. The world has too much going on that could impact inflation, wars, epidemics etc so too much of a gamble for me 
