Q11.5
It seems like it has less downside and offers a more reliable return
central estimate for inflation is 2.6%, which is below 3%. This suggests that inflation is unlikely to erode the purchasing power of my investment, i cannot be certain on this however
The chances of a better return are higher.
this appears to give the best return if inflation is low 
Inflation is likely to be lower than this
I did it becase I want a minimum risk,for maximum payout,on my investment.
I would hope that inflation didn't rise as much as predicted
Puting my money in an inflation protected stops any room for growth, my borrowing power will continually decrease
The general trend of the graph is downward
I have no confidence in this decision whatsoever. I think it would/should have higher returns in this situation based on what I have seen. However, nothing is guaranteed. The forecast has confused me,
I wound rather have a fixed rate of interest given to me at the start so i can budget and know where i am 
The central estimate and the larger portion of the dark grey shading appear to be lower than 3% so I would be better off with this choice
high risk i would take. 
As inflation is predicted to be 2.6% which is below 3% where it is advised to use the nominal bond
I decided to onvest in A nominal bond because the lost is minimal
If we assumed that the chance of each outcome is 50% then the expected return from the nominal bond is £2000 versus £1000 from the inflation-protected bond so I would favour the former.  From the graph I extropolate that the inflation rate is approximately 40% likely to be 3% or above and therefore 60% likely to be below 3% so that makes the nominal bond more likely to achieve the high return, so I think both of these factors work in favour of the nominal bond.
The forecasts are for a decrease in inflation during the first 2 quarters of 2026 through to 2027 so the Nominal Bond would be a better buy.
 I chose the Nominal Bond because inflation is likely to stay low, so it should give a better return than the inflation protected bond.
based on the information saying inflamation remains at or below 3% its the wiser decision financial wise 
Nominal bond because the projected rate is 2.6 so if it drops below 3% then i receive a higher rate of return.
It would return the same amount. I would not loss more than other option. It works out the same to me.
the central tendency of inflation projection is 2.6% and the dark grey area above this is quite a small range so there is a slightly higher than 50% chance of inflation being below 3%. it is therefore work taking the risk to make the £2000 extra and I feel there is a sufficiently low chance of losing £1000 .
As inflation was predicted to be lower than 3% I chose the Nominal Bond.
The graph shows that the most likely value for inflation in 2026Q2 is of 2.6% (central estimate), and the nominal bond has a greater return than the inflation protected bond when inflation is less than or equal to 3%
