Q13.5
because after reading about both of them i still didnt really understand them so i just randomly chose one
"I chose to invest in the Nominal Bond because the inflation forecast indicates that inflation is most likely to stay below or around 3%, with only a small chance (10%) of exceeding that level. Since nominal bonds offer higher real returns when inflation is low, this option gives me the best chance of maximizing my return based on the forecasted probabilities. While there is some risk if inflation rises unexpectedly, I judged it to be relatively low.




"
higher risk is higher reward. this is not real money so easy to gamble.
There looks to be more chance of inflation ending up lower than 3%
The more likely outcome is that inflation is under 3% in this very simplified example, the statistical outcomes favour nominal bonds
I can't live in fear of chasing inflation. I have faith in my government to try and reduce inflation, and if not then I will change my expenditure behaviour.
Inflation is more likely to be less than 3% looking at the graph. A big difference in returns if inflation is less than or equal to 3% compared to inflation greater than 3%
the probability of inflation < 3% is higher than the probability of inflation >3%, according to this graph
Because i feel the probability of it going below 3% is very likely.
There appears not to be much chance of a large increase in inflation, so on balance a nominal bond is slightly more likely to do well. There won't be much in it either way, as inflation seems quite predictable according to the chart.
According to the curve, inflation is more likely to be under 3%, which favours Nominal Bond
i am unhappy risking this amount with the outcome being unknown
inflation is highly likely to be above 3 % so more chance of having a good return
I believed that interest rates were likely to remain low and the potential loss is not particularly great.
There was only a 1% yield or loss on the bond, so gaining £3000 outweighed the risk of losing £1000
Although I don't usually take risks, I think that inflation is likely to be lower than 3% so I decided to invest in this bond.
I feel this option is less of a gamble and my return is better
