Q13.5
If there is a risk of inflation why would I bother risking my entire investment instead of making steady gains
It felt like the safer option. I am not a big risk taker
Investing is an area I know I would be cautious in so I would prefer more of a guaranteed return.
I am a naturally cautious person when dealing with money investments. I tend to ensure my return is almost guaranteed.
I expect economic conditions to be terrible. In my experience inflation is more likely to be worse than predicted than better.
cause i believe in unexpected inflation
Safer, and guarenteed return. and I believe inflation will rise.
With the current global economic instability I would prefer to earn 1.000 than loose 1.000.   
Because although a lower return, this one seems a safer bet not to lose money.
I think there is a risk that inflation will be above 3%.
I think that the chance for £1000 to be lost is not worth risking for £3000, so I chose the guaranteed £1000
i feel its a safer bet
this the max return whatever the inflation does
because it's protected againt inflation
I normally choose safer options when it comes to investments
To protect the investments incase inflation goes above the predicted amount
There is a significant risk of inflation being higher than 3%, I would therefore hedge my risk.
protected bond is a safer investment opportunity in uncertain markets
I would rather be guaranteed something than risk losing, even if it means potentially losing out on more
there is minimal chance of a VERY low rate of inflation
Great uncertainty in the future. Therefore I want some certainty to protect against the future
Because it is unlikely that inflation will be low, and option B gives an return in either case, whereas A risks a loss. 
i am not a risk taker and would prefer a more certain return
To guarantee a return as inflation doesn't necessarily mean interest rates will rise as the BoE might step in and rig the rate to stimulate
I think there are too many variables which make it hard to predict accurately the forecast for inflation. Therefore I decided to hedge my bets and go with the safest option.
I believe inflation is not yet tamed. There was an opportunity but I believe it has been missed due to the continuing wars and market turmoil. ATM, the opportunity to increase prices by manufand suppliers is too great and their appetite is not yet sated.
Given the forecast indicating a higher likelihood of inflation exceeding 3% in 2026 Q2, I opted for the inflation-protected bond. This choice aims to safeguard the investment's real value against potential inflationary pressures.
i am not a risk taker - feel more ecure with inflation protected bond
Preserving my purchasing power by maximizing the real return on my investment. Nominal bond offers higher potential return if inflation stays low while Inflation protected bond guarantees a positive real return irrespective of the actual inflation rate, providing more secure outcome that allows me maximize my return under uncertain inflationary conditions.
The potential gain versus risk of loss.
There is a higher chance that inflation will be above 3%.
There is a certain outcome of a positive return, whereas there is uncertainty on the return from the other option and an uncertain inflation rate.
Knowing the exact outcome of my investment helps me to budget correctly and be financially aware without risk.
I think if i invest short term it's better to take lower risk and play it safe. For longer term investment I would go the other way
I decided on this bond because it's a guaranteed profit 
I would invest in the protected bond because it is gauranteed return of £1000. I would not gamble with inflation at the moment, there is to much uncertainty in the world right now, tarriffs, wars etc
The probability of inflation being less than or equal to 3% is close to 50%, and I would rather take the certain (smaller) gain over the risk of loss.
It seems like a more stable situation where i am not losing money and getting into the negative amounts. There also is not a drastic change between the loss and gain as the table shows that it stays the same no matter if inflation is high or low. 
I dont like taking a risk on money incase i lose it all
I value the certainty of the one I chose.
We were asked to macximise our real return. Indicators suggest that inflation will increase so I went for the safer option
It seemed statistically likely that inflation will increase as the estimate is 2.6%. While this is less than 3% it still means there is a risk of inflation being over 3%, as that is still within the centre of the graph
you are guarenteed a return on your money
i would like to ensure i get a return that risk losing money
I think that inflation is always going to increase therefore an inflation protected bond makes sense in this case
I am very risk averse so I prefer the idea of a fixed return regardless of factors beyond my control. Having said that, I am aware that inflation is reducing so the nominal bond would be a safer bet than in previous times. However, my confidence in this prediction is low so I would probably opt for the "safer" option despite the lower return.
I would be inclined to be a conservative investor. Inflation will be persistent and sticky and will inevitably tick upwards again.
I thought it was a better protection against inflation
