Q5.5 - Nominal Bond
As it looks now, the inflation is not going to be high, so taking some risk here
Feel inflation is likely to be low, so that’s why I made
Want to take the chance to potentially earn more
I decided to trust the bank of England prediction and put my trust in inflation staying sub 3%
I think there is more change of inflation being lower than the forecast than higher, so it is a safe investment.
I would choose the Nominal Bond since inflation is likely to stay below 3%. I think that the Inflation-Protected Bond would only do better if inflation goes over 3%, which is quite unlikely (in my opinion)
its a miniscule loss at worst based on such a large investment. if i had that much to invest id go to maximise returns (in truth i wouldnt choose either - id choose stocks and shares)
It provides a higher return. Woth inflation there's a higher chance it will go down just as much as up, the loss is minor in comparison to the returns
on the forecast of 2.6% this considered inflation on the lower end so worth taking the risk to yield higher returns
I chose the nominal bond as I think inflation will be around 3%. If inflation exceeds 3% I do not think it will be much higher and thus thus effect of inflation on return will be marginal. This woud leave overall return beter than the Inflation Protected Bond
because the predicition for inflation is under 3%
I believe that risking a higher return if the inflation rate lower than 3% is worth the risk in comparison to the Inflation-Protected Bond. It feels like you have a better opportunity to achieve a higher return.
fixed rate of interest no matter what happens to inflation.
because the forecast is smaller than the treshold where nominal bonds performs usually better
seems the better option
Because it has higher return and fixed rate which kind of makes it clear and protected from the start
I think inflation will be on the lower end and thus a higher return choosing A
The possibility of a £1000 pound loss doesn't feel significant when you are investing 100,000, and so it is preferable to choose the option with the larger upside.
The nominal bond would likely give a higher real return if inflation stays at or below 3% (i.e. below the central estimate of 2.6%). The inflation protected bond is only useful if there is an expectation of the inflation rate >3% - which is unlikely based on the forecast
I believe inflation will stay around the same value (2.5% ish) that it is today, so I believe that a Nominal Bond is the best way to invest this money to guarantee a good return on investment. I also don't believe that inflation will increase so dramatically that it could really cause a huge loss on the investment.
The nominal bond offers the potential for a higher real return if inflation remains low (≤ 3%), which aligns with maximising returns under a optimistic inflation forecast.
I would invest in the nominal bond in reflection to the estimate that inflation will be around 2.6% for the year. Therefore, I would invest in this bond because I will receive a return of 3,000 in comparison to 1,000, meaning more profit for me.
I chose this bond because you have got a chance of a higher return and inflation is unlikely to be over 3%
THE RETURN IS POSITIVE AS OPPOSED TO THE OTHER ONE WHERE THERES A CHANCE OF A LOSS
