
literally the words 'inflation protected' made me think it would be safer
I am risk averse. The Nominal Bond has too much uncertainty for me.
I am not sure about the markets and don't want to gamble and lose money if possible.
I think there is too much uncertainty with inflation and what the US tariffs are going to do. Hedging against higher inflation seems like a safe option.
I chose the inflation protected bond because I didn't want to risk losing any money.
I preferred the certainty of the £1000 return, there are two many volatile situations in the world at the moment to take a risk.
take the guaranteed 1k as you never know whats going to happen tomorrow never mind next year
I prefer the certainty of return regardless of inflation. In reality I may chose some of each type of bond but that option was not given.
I would rather the guarantee of a return, rather than potentially losing money 
I chose the inflation protected bond because this is the safer bet. I am not one to take high risk gambles when it comes to finances. Well it would be nice to get £3000 instead of £1000, I feel like it would be even worse to lose £1000.
I would prefer to definitely receive a lower return than risk losing if inflation goes up.
Economic uncertainty over the next year seems to be where we are going. Could list diverse reasons, but I will stick with one word: Trump.
It seems more fair and safer
I would not like to take the risk of loosing any money.
To hold the value of the bond against inflation. Therefore protecting my investment.
I don't like taking risks when it comes to money and investments as you do not know what is going to happen. I find it too risky when there is a chance you will lose a lot of money which is why i chose the bond that i think is safer.
Because i am certain inflation will be over 3%. and if i am to select the first option, I will lose money.  I would be guaranteed the return (even though it may be lower) for option B
I just prefer to know the constant return available. I think Nominal Bonds will always be subject to market conditions.
I would rather have the certainty of a decent return than gamble on getting more.
i'm not a risk taker and this is the best option.
i would not want to risk losing as i am not a gambling man
Current global instability has the potential to push inflation a lot higher than what our institutions are willing to admit.
 Don't want my investment to be eroded as it would if I received a nominal bond
according to the table this gives a better chance of a payoff
I am not a risk taker so, although the nominal bond has the chance of a better return, I opted for the security of the inflation-protected bond, knowing what my return would be.
It just sounds like a better deal to me
Because you are protected either way
looking at the information above it gives the best chance of a profit
Less risk involved with inflation protected bond
the economic world is currently very unstable for many reasons. So while 2.6% is a reasonable forcast - i wouldn't bet on it.
I believe it will yield
I chose to invest in the Inflation Protected bind as I believe it is more likely for the inflation to go higher than 3% in the coming years. We are going through a very turbulent period, especially through second hand effects of Americas policies. 
as i feel like option b is the safest bet for my money as in the other option i could lose money
I'm not sure if we can accurately predict what will happen next year, the variables we are facing are a chancellor who couldn't run a Christmas club and then that orange idiot in the white house who could possibly tip the whole world economy into recession.
I think going with an Inflation-Protected Bond, I believe gives the best chance to stay safe overall, with a fairly unpredictable decision. Less risk with Inflation-Protected Bonds
It offers more stability overall and would protect my money should inflation exceed what was initially expected 
Inflation is likely to rise continually for at least the next year due to market uncertainty, low consumer confidence, trade tariffs and questionable government business decisions. It makes sense to take more reliable and safer gains whilst protecting against the effect of depressed GDP forecasts.
The nominal bond presents too much of a risk.  I do not want to potentially be worse off should inflation rise above 3%.  With the inflation protected bond I am at least guaranteed some return on my money.
stable real return regardless inflation 
The inflation-protected Bond is not heavily influenced by inflation
I prefer safer investments.
inflation will increase thanks to the appalling actions of reeves
I picked the inflation-protected bond because I'm not sure what inflation will be like next year. If it goes up, this bond will protect my money better. Even though the return might be lower, I prefer the safety and knowing my return won’t lose value because of inflation. I'm somewhat confident, but there's still a lot of uncertainty.
I'm risk averse in general and I would be happy with the lower return to avoid the risk of running into negative territory.
Because I think that inflation will be higher. To preserve the value of my money whatever happens
