Q7.5
I'd rather have as much certainty as possible that i'd get some kid of return on investment
I feel that there is less risk with option B. Option A seems to be too risky.
chances are that the inflation will be higher than currently predicted
I am not a big risk taker so opted for the safer bond
As long as it is stable, profit is the greatest investment success
I'd be 1k up in both scenarios
a £1000 to lose for me is massive, if i could afford to lose it i would risk it with the unprotected bond
Although, I expect inflation to remain less than 3, unpredictable situation could happen include natural disaster. And this could lead to unexpected inflation rates. To protect my investment, I would choose the lower interest rate with guarantee.
I seek to minimise the risk to my investment.
There is no risk of my investment losing value when investing into this bond.
I would prefer to play it safe than lose any money.
I am a risk averse person. I would like my investment to be more secured. 
I fo not like to take risks with my money a I cannot afford to lose any.  Higher returns means a bigger risk to my investment
the upside is very close to 3%
Inflation is more likely to increase so you have a better chance of making money than with a fixed rate investment
because inflation is likely to be high and therefore I would lose some of my investment 
I think given the range on the graph, with the 60% portion reaching up to 4.1%, it's not unlikely inflation would rise above 3%. That combined with overall economic uncertainty.
I don't fully trust the inflation forecast, and if it is estimated to be 2.6% there isn't much of difference between that and 3%.  At which point it will be a bad move for me!
I believe inflation is very likely to increase above any predictions so this would protect my investment 
You have a guarenteed return on your investment. With a nominal bond you only receive a return when inflation is low, but you may lose when the inflation rate is high.  With a nominal bond you will receive a return in either scenario.
Given the sheer amount of global economic uncertainty right now, it's hard to accurately guess how much of an impact it will make to the UK.  e.g. poor relations with the US may end up forcing stronger trade deals, etc with EU and other countries.  But it may also cause another global recession.  Either way, right now my gut feeling is that inflation is unlikely to be low for the next year.
I think inflation will be high, not because  of the graph but with a Labour government and pay increases for the public sector I think inflation is more   likely to be high.
I am not a risk taker and would not want to risk losing money. To leave my money at the mercy of the political climate doesn't make sense to me 
There is less risk than in a nominal body, inflation can vary depending on a number of unforeseen factors 
With the inflation protected bond, I am guaranteed to make some sort of a profit. Even a minimal profit is better than any loss
todays economy is way to risky and volatile , I would worry it went down to much, it can easily go up or down but I would like to know what I would get
My gut instinct is that the rate will be higher than anticipated due to eg Ukraine or another war. I would hedge my bets.
I felt with the current uncertainty of world events which has been for some time now, inflation will be unpredictable.  I am also cautious and risk adverse in financial matters.  However, £1000 loss from an £100,000 investment isn't a big a deal after a year and its a poor product for such a large investment!
it seems more saver
It was decided based on the inflation prediction. Since it predicts a high chance of being between 1.1% and 4.1% inflation, which has a 60% probability of staying at that level, the Inflation-Protected Bond is safer as an investment. The bond keeps returns constant regardless of inflation level, whereas the Nominal Bond risks going down if inflation rises above 3%.
I would always be more cautious in my investments, and I am also quite sure that there is a high chance inflation will rise above 3% during the year.
I expect inflation to increase next year. As this is my expectation I would be better selecting the Inflation-Protected Bond.
Because be there a high or low inflation, the real return still remain the same.
Prefer the 'safety net' of being able to gain money and effectively not lose money. The protection bond has cover and assurity more than the other
woudn't lose as much if went wrong
With the projected rate of inflation uncertain, this option protects my investment irrespective of the rate.
Investing in this bond protects from the risks associated with the uncertainty of the predicted inflation rate.
I would prefer to have insurance against inflation just in case.
Inflation is never that low in practice. Prices of goods are set to increase above inflation. Might as well choose the inflation protected bond
I prefer not to risk it when I would be reliant on the income from the investment and would need to protect my capital. 
there is more certainty in the outcome of how this bond will compete
I think current state of world affairs and macro-economical trends are not very optimistic and there is a risk of high inflation. In this climate I prefer to be secured from high inflation. There is a lot of uncertainty around US fiscal and foreign politics, was in Ukraine, tariffs being imposed left right and centre. There may be periods with significantly higher inflation hence nominal bond would be too risky, at least for me. 
its the safter option
I think inflation is likely to be higher rather than lower so this was the most sensible choice
