Q7.5
Due to the fact that the anticipated inflation rate is below 3%
The potential loss of £1000 and gain of £3000 is worth it with an investment of this value and I believe the likelihood of inflation being greater than 3% is unlikely.
I would class myself as a risk taker, so was prepared to risk choosing the nominal bond. I believe that the inflation is worth taking the risk, to receive the higher return on investment.
It is just a guess, I am not really sure. 
On the inflation scale there is greater downside to 3% and also the BoE target is 2% so there is greater certainty in inflation being 3% or under.
The most likely range for inflation is below 3%. The return on the nominal bond is 3x greater in this range, so I would be prepared to take the risk.
I think the chance of inflation being higher than 3% are low. Therefore I am happy to take the rest of investing in a nominal bond. A 1% guaranteed return on the inflation protected bond is not really attractive. 
Because the forecast leaning towards lower inflation 
you multiply amounts by probabilities and then sum up those amounts
I chose the nominal bond because the Bank of England’s forecast suggests inflation is most likely to stay near 2.6% (central estimate) or within the 1.1–4.1% range (60% probability). Since 3% is the critical threshold for bond performance, and the majority of the confidence band falls below 3%, the nominal bond is statistically favored to deliver higher real returns.
it can potentially bring bigger return if the inflation rate is 2.6 as stated as most likely.
I chose this because I can be able to predict my income via regular coupons to reduce creditworthiness
The question is invalid. If you are talking about ACTUAL bonds then what matters is the yield not the nominal interest rate. So getting the 'full investment back' presupposes that you are buying at par. The price will in fact fluctuate with interest rates as the yield (return on price PAID rather than nominal will have to match interest rates)  Then you have the problem of HOW the inflation 'protected' bond is actually calculated. Which measure? How often is it updated? So-called bonds (not traded instruments but savings) from National Savings were very popular in the 80s and gave a good protection. Inevitably they ceased to be issued and modern ones do not offer the same level. You need to read the terms VERY carefully!!!!  CLAIMING inflation protection is NOT the same thing as definitely providing it. The costs will often result in a lower return that does not reflect true general price inflation. If the measure is CPI then you are probably better off avoiding it. Without full details you should not commit to a decision!!  Re question below which is even more invalid. Unless you know HOW the inflation measure is being calculated, you have no way of judging whether it is a good deal against ACTUAL price inflation. Please do remember that the classical definition of inflation is actually the expansion of the money supply. The price inflation is a consequence and never felt evenly. For example, for several decades we have been pushing the inflation into asset prices rather than consumer goods. Price inflation in basic needs such as food, energy, water, transport and for some local taxes are currently far higher than the official inflation rates. So if your PERSONAL inflation rate which is a product of the mix of things you buy is concentrated around these (lower incomes) then you are most likely better off looking for a better deal and not buying either. The boast of 'inflation protection' on a bond is likely to be hollow for most people. Lastly, it is NOT a true investment if your aim is simply to earn interest from lending money. 
I will use it gor short duration because equity over long term will far outpace inflation.
if inflation stays below 3% the nominal bond this will have the greater return
I like to take risks and I think rates under 3% are more likely
I chose the Nominal Bond because I guess inflation is most likely to stay at or below 3%. Plus, this bond gives a much higher return I guess if that happens which is the more likely case. But there would be also some risk, but the possible gain is worth it based on the forecast.
im not too sure how to interpret so i just guessed
