Q9.5
because the graph has more shaded areas in the higher % section, over 3%, and so there's more risk i could lose money on a nominal bond, i'd rather earn less but not lose anything
the market is very volitile and I rather invest in a protected bond then a nominal bond
I feel like it is a safer option and you are more likely to receive a return. Although it will be less than the potential on option A, that is less guaranteed
Because it is safer. But in real life I would differentiate
its more stable than the other option in terms of gain.
with the inflation-protected bond i will make money. wheres there's a strong chance with the nominal bond that I will lose money. I'd rather guarantee money rather than risk it for more
The risk for option B is virtually none while there is a decent risk of losing money with option A
The inflation protected bond could offer a more stable return. lowering the risk
Based on the graph it seems to pretty close to a 50/50 chance of inflation being over 3%, so inflation-protected bond seemed to be a safer investment
I think it is important to try to protect against inflation in a period of economic uncertainty. I would prefer to know that my money is safe rather than gamble with it.
it is more safe option
I am not a natural risk taker and I would feel much happier investing my money in a low risk venture even though there is a smaller return.
It is less risky, the return is almost guaranteed.
I believe inflation is likely to be high (i.e. above 3%) and so the favourable returns for the nominal bond are not really likely, therefore I would choose the inflation-protected bond. This would offer the best return for me if my prediction on inflation is correct.
I think it's too risky to invest in the nominal bond and I would be worried I would lose money. 
"It's a safe investment in uncertain times.
It is a guarantee of a return with no risk"
Its best to play it safe and not be effected by inflation.
although it is a lower return, it is a certain return and I won't lose money.
There is less risk in losing more compared to the protected one 
My return s will be stable
There seems to be a higher chance of inflation being higher than expected, compared to being lower than expected. An Inflation-Protected Bond does better if inflation is high, according to the info on this page. So that seems to make the inflation-protected bond the better choice.
I think the likelihood of it being greater than 3% interest is not low enough for me to take the risk for the more risky option A
I decided to go with the inflation protected bond because the forecast seems to lean toward inflation being higher than 3%. I’d rather not take the chance of losing purchasing power if inflation rises more than expected. 
Uncertain times
Infilation-Protected Bond stable return
I feel it is the one most likely to give the best return
Inflation has been rising and the country is still very unstable
I'm risk averse. There is certainty about the financial return of the inflation protected bond. I would rather have a lower guaranteed return, than choose a more risky investment, which may loose me money.
This way I'm guaranteed returns. I would rather be confident of making a smaller amount than losing the original amount. £1000 is as big of a gain as it would be a loss.
Inflation is likely to be high in the next 5 years. The weak Labour government cannot and will not resist public authorities and pay demands to come (NHS, doctors, train drivers, teachers etc.) who are their paymasters. International uncertainty in bond and share markets due to trade tariffs, instigated by USA authorities, will continue to undermine world financial markets for years to come adding to uncertainties for most people re savings and spending. 
I don't enjoy taking risks with my finances. I think given the current economic instability it would be unwise to invest huge amounts of money that depend on the rate of inflation to provide a return. The chart suggests that a rise above central estimate is likely, in my opinion - give that the bars extend further on that side 
Because it protects me from losses and I'm sre to make profit 
because the forecast shows a considerable chance that inflation might exceed 3%
I am not a very risky person.
With how unprecedented the financial market is currently, one small ripple in the worlds politics can flip the table completely, so placing a safe bet is smarter currently.
I think the nominal bond is too risky. In my opinion, it is about a 50/50 whether or not inflation will be above or below 3% therefore I would rather guarentee a £1000 profit instead of having a risk of losing money.
less chance of losing money
because its a guarenteed profit so no concern of actually being worse off
I wouldn't want to loose money
I would rather know what I am going to get and be able to plan accordingly for the future with that. I would also rather maintain an investment in line with purchasing power when I get my return.
You get a positive return either way which is a lot more appealing than potentially being at loss
