Q9.5
Based on the chart, it seems likely that the amount will fall into this bracket. I feel confident in this. The chart aided my choice. 
I felt that the most I would lose is £1000, but it would be better to at least try and gain extra money.
I chose this bond because there seems a better likelihood that the inflation rate will be at 3% or lower.
Because the return is based on inflation and is worth the risk for a better return.
the possibility of getting a higher return
Sounded like the return could be better.
My risk tolerance is high so a drop of £1k does not scare me, and I am prepared to take a risk to gain higher.
This choice offers higher expected returns based on the forecast, even acknowledging the uncertainty. However, if you were especially risk-averse or believed inflation might surge unexpectedly, the inflation-protected bond would be the safer hedge.
The probability spread of the inflation forecast skews towards the lower end, giving me some confidence inflation will be sub-3%. 
I don't mind taking risk and buying nominal bond because its return is high although there is chance of losing the money. 
I did not think that the difference in returns was that high, so took a chance on the higher return. This seemed reasonable based on the forecast.
To make money.A good profit is possible.
"3% is at the right hand side of the darker shaded area so i think it is more likely that inflation will not go above 3%
Besides, if i had £100,000 to invest then it would be worth the risk as i'd stand to gain £3000 if things go well & only lose £1000 if they don't."
I made the decision because of the 
i choose a nominal bond because i believe economy can not allows be predicted and the inflation may not affect my investment as forcasted.
my decision to invest in the Nominal Bond is primarily influenced by the forecast indicating stable or declining inflation rates, which would enhance my returns without the erosion of purchasing power typically associated with higher inflation scenarios.
I decided the Nominal bond because the information provided tells me that inflation is most likley to be 2.6%, that would be below 3% which allows for the best return.
I believe that inflation will drop much lower due to interest rates staying high at the moment
Because the table illustrated that it would give better returns or the same as for worse case. 
Because of the forecast this is the better option considering the difference between the best and worst outcomes.
I assessed more of a probability that inflation would be less than %3 based on the graph, which favoured a nominal bond where the real return in high-+£3,000. Also, I like to take calculated risks.
Taking a risk because the likelihood inflation will be below 3% 
1,000 pound is not a lot to lose if you already have 100,000, so I would be willing to take this risk. 
Fixed return is likely to be greater than inflation protected
